change the minimum role for keycloak (#15)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-identity-groups-sync: docs/INSTALL.md

{"timestamp":"2025-04-09 14:22:12.333 -04:00","level":"error","msg":"Failed to fetch groups count","caller":"app/plugin_api.go:1112","plugin_id":"com.mattermost.plugin-identity-groups-sync","error":"failed to get groups count: could not get groups count: 403 Forbidden: unknown_error"}
```

> If you applied the incorrect role to your service account user you will need to revoke the service account session in order for your service account to pickup the newly applied role. Remember the correct role is **manage-users**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you applied the incorrect role to your service account user, you will need to revoke the service account session in order for your service account to pick up the newly applied role. Remember the correct role is **manage-users**.
```
